gh-150583: Fix zstd compression with digested ZstdDict (#150586)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2026-06-03-19-35-32.gh-issue-150583.dedI24.rst

> Fix compression level in :mod:`compression.zstd` when passing a digested

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Correctly set the default compression level in :mod:`compression.zstd` when passing a digested
```
